---
description: "The Ninja Dojo, the BEST\_Martial Arts for kids in Littleton.  Action Packed Martial Arts Busts Boredom! We teach exciting, and engaging Martial Arts classes des"
author: []
datePublished: '2015-10-22T18:18:32.936Z'
publisher:
  domain: coloradoninjutsu.com
  name: coloradoninjutsu.com
title: ''
dateModified: '2015-10-22T18:16:06.137Z'
sourcePath: _posts/2015-10-22-the-ninja-dojo-the-best-martial-arts-for-kids-in-littleton.md
published: true
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
url: the-ninja-dojo-the-best-martial-arts-for-kids-in-littleton/index.html
_context: 'http://schema.org'
_type: Article

---
The Ninja Dojo, the BEST Martial Arts for kids in Littleton. Action Packed Martial Arts Busts Boredom! We teach exciting, and engaging Martial Arts classes designed to bring out the best in your child without them becoming bored! Our classes are dynamic, entirely unique and unlike any other martial arts school. We invite you come and watch one of our classes or better yet have your son or daughter try a free class and see why we are so different. Children Need to be Challenged. Have you ever wanted your child to get involved with the martial arts but didn't know how to start or even if they would like it? Well, we have made it simple for you to decide if our program is right for you. To register for an introductory program all you have to do is pick up the phone and call. One of our friendly instructors will be happy to answer any additional questions that you might have and schedule a time for you to come in and have your child try a free class and see if they like it. Or you can simply register for one of our free intro classes by. What could be simpler than that? If children aren't challenged they lose interest and fall behind. We've all seen it happen. Don't let it happen to your child. We Divide Our Classes by Age. This Ensures Every Student Receives the Attention they Deserve. Our Instruction Focuses on Three Key Areas. First: Self-Defense We teach a combination of self-defense techniques, strategy for escaping from danger and getting to safety, and conflict resolution skills. Second: Physical Fitness We emphasize on physical fitness and coordination. In our classes we develop fundamental athletic skills. These are important skills like coordination, flexibility and balance. These skills are required for baseball, soccer, tennis, and more. At Kaizen Martial Arts we teach these skills to each and every student. Whether your child earns his black belt or stops sooner they will have these valuable skills for life! Third: Internal Transformation Not only do we teach the outside physical techniques of martial arts, the punching, kicking and locks, but we also teach the inside skills of the martial arts. These are self-control, self-confidence, and listening skills, as well as proper respect and good manners. What is really powerful about our school is that we don't just talk to our students about these skills. They actually experience them every single time they attend one of our classes! Soon they learn to apply these same skills in school and in their later life. These are Traditional Lessons that Last a Lifetime. Download Your FREE Training Certificate with Sensei Benson Name: Email:   5 Star REviews "LOVE this place, excellent instruction, fair prices and great people." - Jen "The absolute BEST dojo in Colorado for Ninjutsu and Jujutsu" - Chris Cord "If you're looking for real ninjutsu and jujutsu, then this is the place you need to be" - JD Goodwin read more... "The absolute BEST dojo in Colorado for Ninjutsu and Jujutsu" ---Chris Cord Fantastic martial arts are taught there. Not for everybody, if you can't behave in kids class they won't train you. Good for them having standards and sticking with them. Same thing in adult classes if you're a thug or a jerk they ask you not to train, which is great for those of us that want to train with good fun people. Some people might think they are elitists, but since they are the best school that I have trained at they can afford to be. You can't find a better school in my opinion. ---Jen Fairbanks Both of our kids, a girl & boy, have been with Sensei Benson for nearly 10 years. They've moved from the kid's classes to the adult classes and have enjoyed every minute. We "shopped around" at first, but no one came close to Sensei Benson's approach and expectation for developing the "whole person." "Kaizen" -- or "continuous improvement" is more than a business name here. If you desire the self-discipline of body and mind that authentic martial arts is about, then you can learn it here. My kids developed excellent skills to the point that I worry much less about my daughter walking across her college campus. But my real thanks to Sensei is for their well-developed sense of constant awareness of their surroundings, personal confidence and the impact of their actions on those around them. I give Kaizen Martial Arts an A+++ ---Wendy Adams If you're looking for real ninjutsu and jujutsu, then this is the place you need to be ---JD Goodwin Best dojo ever...sometimes funny, always skilled instruction in a discipline that is still an art and hasn't been watered down into a "sport". ---Daniel Hocker This Martial Arts Studio is the REAL deal! Forget Karate, Kung Fu or TaeKownDo, I'll take a real Ninja master any day of the week. GREAT instruction, FAIR prices, FUN environment. ---Christop