---
description: Home   Why Choose Us?   Contact   About   Adults   Kids   Swordsmanship   Samurai Museum   News   Free Class Why Choose Us? Traditional Martial Arts Traditional
author: []
datePublished: '2015-10-22T18:13:00.540Z'
publisher:
  domain: coloradoninjutsu.com
  name: coloradoninjutsu.com
title: ''
dateModified: '2015-10-22T18:12:08.783Z'
sourcePath: _posts/2015-10-22-home-why-choose-us-contact-about-adults-kids-sw.md
published: true
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
url: home-why-choose-us-contact-about-adults-kids-sw/index.html
_context: 'http://schema.org'
_type: Article

---
Home Why Choose Us? Contact About Adults Kids Swordsmanship Samurai Museum News Free Class Why Choose Us? Traditional Martial Arts Traditional Martial Arts. What's Your Reason? Self defense, fitness, great people, personal development. There are a million reason to start and the benefits are definite and available to anyone. Our Dojo also is one of the few places in the world where you can learn the skills of Ninjutsu. These were the once secret skills of the Japanese Ninja. These skills include not only unarmed combat, but also stealth, weapons and escaping techniques. Classes are fun exciting and open to anyone with the desire to learn. Our class sizes are small and non-athletes are welcomed because our style is not competition based, size and fitness aren't factors for beginners and progress is individually paced. The Gym is Boring; Martial Arts Isn't. If you had the opportunity to design the perfect workout it would probably include a bunch of fun and interesting people for starters. The more the merrier right? Then you would plan fun, intense, workouts that would challenge both your mind and body at the same time. Every workout would absolutely enhance your flexibility, dexterity, and strength, while revealing valuable aspects about yourself. All the while, you're learning how to protect yourself and those around you. If that's anywhere close to how you would design the perfect workout, then you have just described classes at Kaizen Martial Arts. Here, we teach traditional Ninjutsu and we invite you to join us. It's easy. Simply contact us or set up a free class. Try it and decide for yourself. What could be simpler?   Download Your FREE Training Certificate with Sensei Benson Name: Email:   5 Star REviews "LOVE this place, excellent instruction, fair prices and great people." - Jen "The absolute BEST dojo in Colorado for Ninjutsu and Jujutsu" - Chris Cord "If you're looking for real ninjutsu and jujutsu, then this is the place you need to be" - JD Goodwin read more... "The absolute BEST dojo in Colorado for Ninjutsu and Jujutsu" ---Chris Cord Fantastic martial arts are taught there. Not for everybody, if you can't behave in kids class they won't train you. Good for them having standards and sticking with them. Same thing in adult classes if you're a thug or a jerk they ask you not to train, which is great for those of us that want to train with good fun people. Some people might think they are elitists, but since they are the best school that I have trained at they can afford to be. You can't find a better school in my opinion. ---Jen Fairbanks Both of our kids, a girl & boy, have been with Sensei Benson for nearly 10 years. They've moved from the kid's classes to the adult classes and have enjoyed every minute. We "shopped around" at first, but no one came close to Sensei Benson's approach and expectation for developing the "whole person." "Kaizen" -- or "continuous improvement" is more than a business name here. If you desire the self-discipline of body and mind that authentic martial arts is about, then you can learn it here. My kids developed excellent skills to the point that I worry much less about my daughter walking across her college campus. But my real thanks to Sensei is for their well-developed sense of constant awareness of their surroundings, personal confidence and the impact of their actions on those around them. I give Kaizen Martial Arts an A+++ ---Wendy Adams If you're looking for real ninjutsu and jujutsu, then this is the place you need to be ---JD Goodwin Best dojo ever...sometimes funny, always skilled instruction in a discipline that is still an art and hasn't been watered down into a "sport". ---Daniel Hocker This Martial Arts Studio is the REAL deal! Forget Karate, Kung Fu or TaeKownDo, I'll take a real Ninja master any day of the week. GREAT instruction, FAIR prices, FUN environment. ---Christopher Lee A Message from Sensei Benson Click here for a Special Video Message for you... Listen Here Be Sociable, Share! inShare